Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.
When you let your light shine, you unconsciously give others permission to do the same.
Be strong, you never know who you are inspiring.
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
You haven't failed until you quit trying.
Your day will go the way the corners of your mouth turn.
Hope is the little voice you hear whisper "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no!"
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Don't let your struggle become your identity.
Take pride in how far you have come and have faith in how far you can go.
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So, for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
I appreciate all the hard work you put in on a regular basis. I just want you to know that at least one person has noticed.
Your humility is inspiring to those who are watching your success.
I believe this is one moment you will look back on with pride, even though it seems so difficult now.
Your spirit has the energy, strength, and stamina of 10,000 horses.
Thank you for having the courage and dedication to stay the course when most people would probably give up.
You are an amazing person whom I am blessed to know.
I want you to know that I am thinking of you and wishing you the best.
Sometimes when we face challenges, we can't see all the good that is coming from our work until after we're done. Unfortunately, our work is never complete, so there is much good that we cannot see.
The pleasure of success feels best after experiencing the pain of failure.
The most difficult challenges reap the greatest rewards.
Even the mighty oak starts as a small acorn.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
No one is perfect - that's why pencils have erasers.
Winning doesn't always mean being first. Winning means you're doing better than you've done before.
You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude.
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you eed tomorrow.
Every day may not be good... but there’s something good in every day.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
If you want light to come into your life, you need to stand where it is shining.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Happiness is the only thing that multiplies when you share it.
Take a deep breath. Inhale peace, exhale happiness.
The darkest nights produce the brightest stars.
You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to swim.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Sometimes, there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day.
There’s as many atoms in a single molecule of your DNA as there are stars in the typical galaxy. We are, each of us, a little universe.
Life is a sea of vibrant color. Jump in.
Do not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. Your only limit is your soul.
Never give up and good luck will find you.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything gets accomplished.
You don’t need fancy things to feel good. You can hug a puppy. You can buy a can of paint and surround yourself with color. You can plant a flower and watch it grow. You can decide to start over and let other people start over too.
You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. There’s never been anyone exactly like you before, and there will never be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of star stuff.
You are amazing, you are brave, you are strong.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Never let a stumble in the road be the end of the journey.
There’s always something to be thankful for.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
No matter how you feel. Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it. It just blooms.
Just forget about all your worries for now and enjoy yourself.
Be yourself. Because an original is worth more than a copy.
You are capable of amazing things.
It's can be easy to forget how special you are when you're comparing yourself to others, but you're not anyone else and that's what makes you unqique. :sparkles:
Good things take time.
Don’t stress, do your best, forget the rest.
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Everything is going to be alright. Maybe not today but eventually.
Life doesn’t always give you good things, but you can still feel good when you live it in a good way.
Today is not just another day. It’s a new opportunity, another chance, a new beginning. Embrace it.
The best thing in life are not things, it’s the people who make you feel loved and cared for.
Stop holding on to what hurts. Reach for what makes you feel happy.
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
Only in darkness can you see the stars.
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
If you don’t think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift; that’s why it’s called a present.